### Codepens ###
https://codepen.io/desandro/pen/ezNawy - Cub n Pup - puzzle game demo
https://codepen.io/towc/pen/mJzOWJ - neon hexagon-forming particles
https://codepen.io/jackrugile/pen/RRPeWe - Eye Mouse Following
https://codepen.io/AshKyd/pen/JKGVmY/ - Procedurally generated starfield
https://codepen.io/jackrugile/pen/Xdaavx/ - Canvas Light Explosion
https://codepen.io/zadvorsky/pen/xVrMMO - Three text animation
https://codepen.io/jscottsmith/pen/VjPaLO - Confetti Cannon
https://codepen.io/potch/pen/ORPKzy - Neat-o Gravity Effect
https://codepen.io/AshKyd/pen/pEjwPY/ - Lightning effect
https://codepen.io/thebabydino/pen/qaEmxk - radians explained (SVG + JS, no library)
http://codepen.io/AshKyd/pen/jARZaB/ - Voxel Mario
http://codepen.io/jscottsmith/pen/grkXqy - Goo
http://codepen.io/iamscottcox/pen/xOovbK - SVG Overwatch Loading Icon
http://codepen.io/ninivert/pen/ZpEQBR - Typographic Soup
http://codepen.io/krystalcampioni/pen/XKxgoq - Pure CSS Flying Rocket
http://codepen.io/tricsi/pen/WxWjAx - WebAudio Music ES6
http://codepen.io/bali_balo/pen/pEYrvw - Coordination
http://codepen.io/keithclark/pen/ORjAqZ - Zero Element: Cube
http://codepen.io/JeffSturgis/pen/GjPpoR - Random SVG Morphing
http://codepen.io/kevinjannis/pen/Krids - A winter wonderland scene
http://codepen.io/davidkpiano/pen/kkpGWj - Meshi the CSS Dog
http://codepen.io/levchenkod/pen/jEMwBb - Holiday Experiment
http://codepen.io/waisbren89/pen/gwvVpP - Fizzy Sparks
https://codepen.io/mikun/full/jrRJjq/ - React Memory Game
http://codepen.io/Zeaklous/pen/mVEwje - Reverse clip path with blend modes
http://codepen.io/enxaneta/pen/oYMxqe - Animated SVG Turbulence Filter
http://codepen.io/thepeted/pen/bpovxz - Game of Life (React + Redux)
