                              #REACTJS LINKS

##Courses -
https://www.udemy.com/learn-and-understand-reactjs/?dtcode=m5Edrf23ldee
http://www.pluralsight.com/courses/react-fundamentals
https://egghead.io/series/react-fundamentals
https://egghead.io/series/react-flux-architecture
https://egghead.io/courses/leverage-new-features-of-react-16
https://www.udemy.com/learn-and-understand-reactjs/
https://www.udemy.com/reactnative/
https://www.udemy.com/react_native/
http://courses.reactjsprogram.com/courses/reactnativeios
https://www.udemy.com/react-redux/
https://www.udemy.com/react-redux-tutorial/ - (Advanced)


##Videos - 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xsSnOQynTHs - Dan Abramov : Hot Reloading
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCXBhQ05nu3L1abBUGeQ0ahw - React Rally
http://www.sitepoint.com/watch-using-webpack-to-transform-jsx/
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gcnJcQ1vg_U
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wuoqImYcZ2A - From Backbone to React. How to write great code - Richard Powell
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q6NXa14o1f0 - Creating Forms with React and Redux
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pTHCwUdGFkc - The Ultimate Introduction to ReactJS [Part 1] - Building React From Scratch
https://mva.microsoft.com/en-US/training-courses/introduction-to-react-16635?l=4wrKgdJrC_206218965 - Intro to React
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QlmaI7x7SYo - Sarah Drasner - Animating in React
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_MAD4Oly9yg - Paul O Shannessy - Building React From Scratch
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yy7gFgETp0o - Netflix JavaScript Talks - React plus X: Best Practices for Reusable UI Components
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vur2dAFZ4GE - React Router v4 with Michael Jackson and Ryan Florence - Modern Web
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kp-NOggyz54 - Ryan Florence - ‹Rethinker stop={false}/›
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dV8K6fsjDCQ - Netflix JavaScript Talks - React & Flow
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tfuZ7uZmVyg - ReactJS / Redux Tutorial - #7 Connect ReactJS and Redux
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aV1271hd9ew - What's Next for React — ReactNext 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_70Yp8KPXH8 - Component Based Style Reuse
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=19gqsBc_Cx0 - Styling React.JS applications
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xRoYf-QgHpc - How to write your first React component
https://egghead.io/lessons/javascript-public-class-fields-with-react-components
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VZaQfb2y6BI - React Workshop at PayPal 2016-12-13
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PahsgJn0sgU - How to use Redux in Polymer 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NMiYaaB0-fI - App In an Hour: Making a Discussion Board with React and Firebase 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QW5TE4vrklU - Keynote - Andrew Clark aka @acdlite at   
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yox9fi-d83c - Kevin Scott - Higher Order Components in React
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3GHJ4cbxsVQ - What WebAssembly means for React - Lin Clark 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F38nRMktS9Q - React @ProductHunt - Radoslav Stankov
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lLNJsuXB4CI - Static and Dynamic Next.js
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oeE2tuspdHg - bitcoin price chart with vx
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aCMbSyngXB4 - Production Progressive Web Apps With JavaScript Frameworks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lAJWHHUz8_8 - GraphQL Basics - Fun Fun Function
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DJ-oSy0tN_U - Building fluid interface swith React and WebGL
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cvS5o86wRfE - How to return multiple elements the right way in React 16 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pPABOtgEk-0 - Redux Wizardry Using RxJS Observables
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V8oTJ8OZ5S0 - Performance Signup in React & Transactional Apps with Redux
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G39lKaONAlA - The Melting Pot of JavaScript
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rIEjqrQZPTs - ReactJS Girls
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BncMF2aTL0w - 8 Tips For Getting Better At React
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j5mlMUzpE5g - The Why and How of ReasonML



##Playlists & Channels
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLNBNS7NRGKMG3uLrm5fgY02hJ87Wzb4IU - React Amsterdam 2016 conference
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iVKPbH3qyW0&list=PLanDnKP78H3yAjtSHvXQ8nrj9KgdSRuEP 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-xiki68cpTc&list=PLXoXQD8Ev85ZZEg6Es3TU6AjmnFY1n4Bu&index=2
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLuNEz8XtB51K-x3bwCC9uNM_cxXaiCcRY - Building app with React and Redux
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCHkqtrnQO2HMyW50ixOtJGw/playlists -  This Dot Media
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7HSd1sk07uU&list=PLb0IAmt7-GS0kj3saZuh4vzfldxEdH5RH - React Conf 2017 - Day 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CtVo3z_o9Rw&list=PLb0IAmt7-GS1_fTtjoeSbiIXeia9aYxB1 - React Conf 2017 - Day 2
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCXBhQ05nu3L1abBUGeQ0ahw/videos - ReactRally
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCsFrt8oKNYXGspSlX9u6uXw/videos - React Amsterdam
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NQyL-Dm7Kig&list=PLNBNS7NRGKMHxfm0CcYNuINLdRw7r4a9M - React Amsterdam 2017 Conference



##ReactCasts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LTunyI2Oyzw - ReactCasts #1 - Higher Order Components
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WE3XAt9P8Ek - ReactCasts #2 - Function as Child Components
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DJ53-G8EbxE - ReactCasts #3 - React's Children API
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lxq938kqIss - ReactCasts #4 - Context (Part 1)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mwYHDXS6uSc - ReactCasts #5 - Context (Part 2)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T-qtHI1qHIg - ReactCasts #6 - Redux Middleware
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f-ctxG2qEps - ReactCasts #7 - Hot Module Replacement in Create-React-App
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SQtrgiLy3Fo - ReactCasts #11 - Recompose
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tsEHfL-Ul1Y - ReactCasts #12 - Server Side Rendering


##Pusher - 
https://pusher.com/sessions/meetup/viennajs/leveraging-code-splitting-in-react-apps
https://pusher.com/sessions/meetup/the-js-roundabout/webgl-map-with-mapbox-and-react
https://pusher.com/sessions/meetup/react-vienna/popperjs-positioning-libraries-integration-in-react
https://pusher.com/sessions/meetup/viennajs/react-with-typescript


##Vimeo - 
https://vimeo.com/album/3930691 - Reverse Engineering React
https://vimeo.com/album/4199344/video/187454108 - Building Modular Redux Application
https://vimeo.com/album/4199344/video/187454105 - How to push a ReactJS application in production and sleep better
https://vimeo.com/album/4199344/video/187454109 - Experiences Using React In A Large Organization
https://vimeo.com/168648012 - Scaling React.js Applications


## Codepen
http://codepen.io/anthonydugois/pen/yabwBw - React Melody Composer


#Speakerdeck -
https://speakerdeck.com/michelebertoli/setstate-ftw


##Links -
https://reactjs.co - ReactJS: Mastering Best Practices for Beginners and Advanced Developers
https://www.chartkick.com/react - Create beautiful JavaScript charts with one line of React
http://madewithreact.com
http://www.telescopeapp.org/blog/introducing-nova-a-new-kind-of-back-end-for-react-apps/
http://jamesknelson.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/01/react-with-babel-cheatsheet.pdf
https://github.com/yelouafi/redux-saga
https://gist.github.com/diegoconcha/8918294bb9df69876b22
http://roman01la.github.io/html-to-react-components/
https://facebook.github.io/react/docs/tutorial.html
http://khan.github.io/react-components/
http://reactjs.net
https://jsx.github.io/doc/tutorial.html
http://facebook.github.io/flux/docs/overview.html
http://blog.andrewray.me/flux-for-stupid-people/
http://material-ui.com/#/
http://www.reactstarterkit.com
http://likethemammal.github.io/reacttalk/
http://facebook.github.io/react/blog/2015/09/02/new-react-developer-tools.html
http://benmccormick.org/2015/09/09/what-can-backbone-developers-learn-from-react/
http://reactcheatsheet.com
https://medium.com/@dan_abramov/how-to-use-classes-and-sleep-at-night-9af8de78ccb4
http://jxnblk.com/rebass/
https://www.draft-js-plugins.com - High quality plugins with great UX
https://github.com/dimaip/server-side-rendering - Interactive guide to server-side rendering with Webpack, React, React Transmit, CSS modules and more


